Chief complaint: Hip pain. History of presenting illness: On January 3, 2022, the patient Susan Adams phone number (777) 777-7777, susan_adams@gmail.com, MRN# 12-12-12, 205.128.46.138, 123-45-6789 is a very pleasant 41-year-old white female that is known to me previously from our work at the pain management clinic as well as from my residency training program San Francisco. We have worked collaboratively for many years at the pain management clinic and with her departure there she has asked to establish with me for clinic pain management at my office. 
She reports moderate to severe pain related to a complicated past medical history. In essence Susan was seen at a very young age at the clinic for bilateral knee and pain and hip pain and diagnosed with bursitis at age 23. She was given nonsteroidals at that time which did help with this discomfort. 
With time however this became inadequate and she was seen later in San Francisco in her mid 30s by Dr. Verda, an orthopedist who diagnosed retroverted hips at hospital. She was referred for rehabilitation and strengthening. Kemp's test is positive for right lower lumbar facet pain. Lower extremity deep tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric. Most of this was focused on her SI joints. At that time although she had complained of foot discomfort, she was not treated for it. 
This was in 1993 after which she and her new husband Franco Adams moved to the Boston area, where she lived from 1995-1996. She was seen at the pain center by Dr. Ross with similar complaints of hip and knee pain. She was seen by rheumatologists there and diagnosed with osteoarthritis as well as osteophytosis of the back. Medications at that time were salicylate and Ultram 

When she returned to Portland in 1996, she was then working for Dr. Brown. She was referred to a podiatrist by her local doctor who found several fractured sesamoid bones and bowe her both of her feet, but this was later found not to be the case. Subsequently nuclear bone scans revealed osteoarthritis. Orthotics were provided. 
She was given Paxil and tramadol and subsequently developed an unfortunate side effect of grand mal seizures. During this workup of her seizure imaging studies revealed a pericardial fluid-filled cyst adhered to her ventricle. 
She has been advised not to undergo any corrective or reparative surgery as well as to limit her activities since. Susan currently does not have an established cardiologist having just changed insurance plans. She is establishing care with Dr. Stobbbe, of rheumatology for her ongoing care. 
Up until today her pain medications were being written by Dr. Yaz prior to establishing with Dr. Lang. 
http://abc.com/test
Left in vehicle with VIN of: 5YJSA1DG9DFP14705.