This file scrubbed of PHI data on 6/13/2022
CHIEF COMPLAINT: Hip pain.

<<<<<<< HEAD
HISTORY OF PRESENTING ILLNESS: The patient PERSON (EMAIL, 777-777-7777, MRN# 12-12-12, IP) and (123-45-6789) is a very pleasant DATE white female that is known to me previously from our work at the Pain Management Clinic, as well as from my residency training program, LOCATION. We have worked collaboratively for many years at the Pain Management Clinic and with her departure there, she has asked to establish with me for clinic pain management at my office. She reports moderate to severe pain related to a complicated past medical history. In essence, PERSON was seen at a very young age at the clinic for bilateral knee and hip pain and diagnosed with bursitis at DATE. She was given nonsteroidals at that time, which did help with this discomfort. With time, however, this became inadequate and she was seen later in LOCATION in her DATE by Dr. PERSON, an orthopedist who diagnosed retroverted hips at Hospital. She was referred for rehabilitation and strengthening. Kemp's test is positive for right lower lumbar facet pain. Lower extremity deep tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric. Most of this was focused on her SI joints. At that time, although she had complained of foot discomfort, she was not treated for it. This was in DATE after which she and her new husband, PERSON moved to the LOCATION area, where she lived from DATE. She was seen at the Pain Center by Dr. PERSON with similar complaints of hip and knee pain. She was seen by rheumatologists there and diagnosed with osteoarthritis as well as osteophytosis of the back. Medications at that time were salicylate and Ultram.

When she returned to LOCATION in DATE, she was then working for Dr. PERSON. She was referred to a podiatrist http://abc.com/test by her local doctor who found several fractured sesamoid bones in her both feet, but this was later found not to be the case. Subsequently, nuclear bone scans revealed osteoarthritis. Orthotics were provided. She was given PERSON and PERSON and subsequently developed an unfortunate side effect of grand mal seizure. During this workup of her seizure, imaging studies revealed a pericardial fluid-filled cyst adhered to her ventricle. She has been advised not to undergo any corrective or reparative surgery as well as to limit her activities since. PERSON currently does not have an established cardiologist having just changed insurance plans. She is establishing care with Dr. PERSON, of Rheumatology for her ongoing care. Up until DATE, her pain medications were being written by Dr. PERSON prior to establishing with Dr. PERSON.

Pain management in town had been first provided by the office of Dr. PERSON. Under his care, followup MRIs were done which showed ongoing degenerative disc disease, joint disease, and facet arthropathy in addition to previously described sacroiliitis. Decreased pain is produced with lumbosacral flexion. Adam's test is positive for left lower back pain. Kemp's Test negative bilaterally. Lower extremity deep tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric. A number of medications were attempted there, including fentanyl patches with Flonase from 25 mcg titrated upwards to 50 mcg, but this caused oversedation. She then transferred her care to PERSON, FNP under the direction of Dr. PERSON. Her care there was satisfactory, but because of her work schedule, the patient found this burdensome as well as the guidelines set forth in terms of DATE meetings and routine urine screens. Because of a previous commitment, she was unable to make one unscheduled request to their office in order to produce a random urine screen and was therefore discharged.
=======
HISTORY OF PRESENTING ILLNESS: The patient PERSON PERSON (EMAIL, PHONE, MRN# MRN, WEB) and (SSN) is a very pleasant 41-year-old white female that is known to me previously from our work at the Pain Management Clinic, as well as from my residency training program, LOCATION LOCATION. We have worked collaboratively for many years at the Pain Management Clinic and with her departure there, she has asked to establish with me for clinic pain management at my office. She reports moderate to severe pain related to a complicated past medical history. In essence, PERSON was seen at a very young age at the clinic for bilateral knee and hip pain and diagnosed with bursitis at age 23. She was given nonsteroidals at that time, which did help with this discomfort. With time, however, this became inadequate and she was seen later in LOCATION LOCATION in her mid 30s by Dr. PERSON, an orthopedist who diagnosed retroverted hips at Hospital. She was referred for rehabilitation and strengthening. Kemp's test is positive for right lower lumbar facet pain. Lower extremity deep tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric. Most of this was focused on her SI joints. At that time, although she had complained of foot discomfort, she was not treated for it. This was in 1993 after which she and her new husband, PERSON PERSON moved to the LOCATION area, where she lived from 1995-1996. She was seen at the Pain Center by Dr. PERSON with similar complaints of hip and knee pain. She was seen by rheumatologists there and diagnosed with osteoarthritis as well as osteophytosis of the back. Medications at that time were salicylate and Ultram.

When she returned to LOCATION in 1996, she was then working for Dr. PERSON. She was referred to a podiatrist WEB by her local doctor who found several fractured sesamoid bones in her both feet, but this was later found not to be the case. Subsequently, nuclear bone scans revealed osteoarthritis. Orthotics were provided. She was given PERSON and PERSON and subsequently developed an unfortunate side effect of grand mal seizure. During this workup of her seizure, imaging studies revealed a pericardial fluid-filled cyst adhered to her ventricle. She has been advised not to undergo any corrective or reparative surgery as well as to limit her activities since. PERSON currently does not have an established cardiologist having just changed insurance plans. She is establishing care with Dr. PERSON, of Rheumatology for her ongoing care. Up until today, her pain medications were being written by Dr. PERSON prior to establishing with Dr. PERSON.

<<<<<<< HEAD
Pain management in town had been first provided by the office of Dr. PERSON. Under his care, followup MRIs were done which showed ongoing degenerative disc disease, joint disease, and facet arthropathy in addition to previously described sacroiliitis. Decreased pain is produced with lumbosacral flexion. Adam's test is positive for left lower back pain. Kemp's Test negative bilaterally. Lower extremity deep tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric. A number of medications were attempted there, including fentanyl patches with Flonase from 25 mcg titrated upwards to 50 mcg, but this caused oversedation. She then transferred her care to AbCd, FNP under the direction of Dr. PERSON. Her care there was satisfactory, but because of her work schedule, the patient found this burdensome as well as the guidelines set forth in terms of monthly meetings and routine urine screens. Because of a previous commitment, she was unable to make one unscheduled request to their office in order to produce a random urine screen and was therefore discharged. Left in vehicle with VIN of: PHI.
=======
Pain management in town had been first provided by the office of Dr. PERSON. Under his care, followup MRIs were done which showed ongoing degenerative disc disease, joint disease, and facet arthropathy in addition to previously described sacroiliitis. Decreased pain is produced with lumbosacral flexion. Adam's test is positive for left lower back pain. Kemp's Test negative bilaterally. Lower extremity deep tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric. A number of medications were attempted there, including fentanyl patches with Flonase from 25 mcg titrated upwards to 50 mcg, but this caused oversedation. She then transferred her care to PERSON PERSON, FNP under the direction of Dr. PERSON. Her care there was satisfactory, but because of her work schedule, the patient found this burdensome as well as the guidelines set forth in terms of monthly meetings and routine urine screens. Because of a previous commitment, she was unable to make one unscheduled request to their office in order to produce a random urine screen and was therefore discharged.
>>>>>>> 759a28497c8d24b25ace61178c5b9ca16b2ba993
>>>>>>> 317fbce694d0213c8204b599b1177f52598b159b
