This file scrubbed of PHI data on 6/16/2022
While on duty today at 0015 patient states he was going down a steep hill side and slipped and buckled his right knee. He was going down about 30 yards when his right foot felt loose in the soil causing his right knee to twist and felt a grinding and a pop in his right knee.
ibuprofen 800 mg 3 times a day
slightly antalgic favoring the right leg likely due to his right knee pain
Right ACL reconstruction in 1996 and meniscus cleanout on the right in 2013
except for TTP on the left paraspinal muscle around L4 and over the right piriformis
Patient appears to have sustained a right MCL sprain during work while going down a steep and long hill.
limited to 160 degrees forward flexion, 160 degrees abduction, posterior extension limited to 20 degrees compared to the left at 30 degrees with noted spasm in the upper right arm.
Granddaughter present for evaluation. Her pain has been progressing to the point where it interferes with work and home activities and now she desires the CSI.
Who made the determination that she is a nonsurgical case
Patient is ready to be released from care.
Patient had difficulty squatting, lost balance or had to hold on to wall for balance.
And start to bear weight
She did note a bout of dizziness during the day when she found 1 gabapentin pill.
Right ACL repair in 1996
Full range of motion in all orientations.
History and exam are consistent with de Quervain's tenosynovitis. Given her intolerance to the NSAIDs she was treated with a CSI today. Will start OT and was placed on job restrictions today. Follow up in 1 week
But waned towards the end
volar aspect of the middle, third, metacarpal
Positive for paresthesias at the right second and third distal finger tips and thenar eminence and left distal fourth and fifth fingers
except for decreased range of motion with plantar flexion dorsiflexion and globally
except for decreased forward flexion with hands to the knees and limited extension
Called and spoke with patient regarding his syphilis testing. Lab shows a reactive RPR titer at 1: 2, which is very dilute. This may indicate decent exposures to a treponema infection in the past or could possibly be a false positive. The reflex testing for FTA-ABS was nonreactive. This negative test indicates that the patient has not been exposed to syphilis in the past and is likely not to have a current infection either. Addressed all patient's questions and concerns. Cory Jack, MD, MOH
To decrease inflammation and facility OT treatment.
For continued monitoring and follow up
However, she has been pushing past her restrictions by
ibuprofen as directed on the bottle
Patrick's mother is here with patient today. 
Patient denies having tried a walking program or directional stretching.
Patient states it has been 2 weeks since he has taken any NSAIDs. And feels safe to return to full duty and be discharged from care.
Pain on the right greater trochanteric region with a positive Patrick's maneuver on the right.except for mild tenderness over the thenar eminence.
7/9/19: Patient presents today with signs and symptoms possibly consistent with CPRS - except for the posterior edge of the left shoulder blade.  History of Osgood Schlatter.
follow up with Dr. Klein
CSI is scheduled for July 25, 2019
Unchanged from MRI in 2016. See WorkPartners note dated 7/16/2019
Patient has ran out of gabapentin so will place an RFA for refill.
She has also been prescribed PT and has been given a home TENS unit.
Patient has apparently failed chiropractor care, acupuncture, and PT.
Repeat x-ray today was negative for fracture or scaphoid dissociation.
Evaluation by ortho will provide guidance for a surgical option or not. If she is not a surgical candidate she will likely be at MMI at that point.
when compared to the left
Is still pending. She has demonstrated relief with tizanidine but has not yet tried the TENS unit or deep tissue massage.
Kelly caseworker was present during the interview and exam. Patient states that he is about 70% functional baseline. Since his last visit he has completed a 11 of 12 PT sessions which have been very helpful. Patient still describes low back pain on the right side. He does admit to some radiating pain to the front of his groin on the right side. He was prescribed gabapentin in the past by his PCP however he has changed insurances and no longer is taking that. He also had obtained ibuprofen prescription and hydrocodone prescription from his PCP but have run out of that as well.
Patient's symptoms have completely resolved and he is released from care for today without the need for
With Dr. Osgood at Lake Medical in Michigan.
Her work has been able to accommodate her restrictions.
except for mild edema on the dorsal aspect of the hand encompassing mostly the middle metacarpal
primarily over the superior border of the scapula medial border of the scapula and anterior olecranon process.

Shelly Simson physician examination there is a prominent click at the left temporomandibular joint with jaw opening accompanied by pain. Cervical spine ranges of motion 29 degrees forward flexion 49 degrees 48 degrees extension 35 degrees left lateral bend 43 degrees right lateral bend no segmental sensitivity on palpation negative neurological examination for the upper extremities which was symmetrical reflexes and no Hoffman's. Lumbosacral examination standing position 10 degrees sacrum -7 degrees T12 positive 43 degrees at T1-T2 318 degrees left lateral bend 31 degrees no extension 8 degrees sacrum no forward bend 18 degrees sacrum 31 degrees T12 20 degrees right lateral bend 20 degrees left leg at the hip joints there is normal symmetrical range of internal external rotation on the right AB duction is 234 degrees on the left abduction 40 degrees flexion 102 degrees on the right and 108 degrees on the left. At the left at the right middle finger other red on both sides there is tenderness at the PIP joint just a short period there is full closure of all digits into the palm and no loss of extension. Statement of medical diagnoses statement of medical diagnoses persistent of temporomandibular joint dysfunction chronic low back pain with left lower extremity radiculopathy sensory in nature chronic PIP joint middle finger residuals of sprain resolution of symptoms at cervical spine status post labral debridement right hip as well as partial resurfacing femoral head with resolution of pain at continuation of mechanical clicking sensations right hip. All of the above are present by reason of injuries sustained as Shelly was assaulted in the emergency room Saint Elizabeth hospital. Present conditions described above are conditions of permanency. Summary and discussion there is a causal connection between the present medical condition found on examination and the history of work injury. The reason for seeing this causal relationship opinion is that there is a well documented Nexus of medical treatment and diagnostic studies as well as opinions of treating physicians. The employee's medically disabled and disabilities total for her prior work as an emergency room nurse. And trauma nurse. There are limitations in grasping pushing pulling with the right arm hand there are limitations in standing walking bending twisting in reference to the right hip and low back. Go back to the physical examination and add there are sensory pattern deficits below the knee on the left involving the L4 the L5 and the S1 dermatomal patterns. This is as tested to touch with smooth wheel and Wartenberg's pinwheel. In the lower extremities there is a symmetrical there are symmetrical reflexes and no Babinskis.

This is a physician examination Jane Doe's cervical spine and upper extremity examination performed. At the cervical spine there are the following ranges of motion taken with elect chronic inclinometer 34 degrees forward flexion 22 degrees extension 15 degrees left lateral bend 9 degrees right lateral bend. There is segmental sensitivity on palpation at the cervical spinal motion segments. There is a symmetrical hyporeflexia in the upper extremities no Hoffman's present there is a symmetrical hyporeflexia in the lower extremities with no Hoffman with no Babinskis present. Ranges of motion no there are substantial clinical findings on both hands consistent with a long established diagnosis of basilar degenerative osteoarthritis of the thumbs combined with carpal tunnel and an ulnar cubital tunnel syndrome. There are substantial muscle atrophy in both hands thenar eminence. There are ganglia present at both volar wrist more prominent on the left than the right. In 3 repetitions with Preston pinch gauge patient is unable to register any effective pinch thumb to index finger. 3 repetitions with Jamar dynamometer bright 12 km 12 kg 12 kg and 16 kg force in 3 repetitions left 12 kg 11 kg and 12 kg force N 3 repetitions. In in standing physician there is a markedly positive Romberg test with weaving of the trunk with eyes closed in with eyes closed there is loss of accuracy and fingertip of end fingertip to nose in 3 repetitions. There is no tongue atrophy present no tongue fasciculations present. extraocular eye movements are suggestive of a slight CircAid and right and left motion. Pupils are symmetrical. There is no numbness in the face. Statement of medical diagnoses this patient exhibits all of the findings documented in the 2014 evaluation with now additional changes of a consistent with her diagnosis her current diagnosis of myoclonus with changes within the cervical changes in function within the cervical spinal cord. MRI in 2019 has not revealed milo this milo myelopathy within the spinal cord. Central spinal stenosis has progressed and is now considered causal 2 the development of the myoclonus and. The patient also is threatened by falls and has had has disruption of lower extremity balance and coordination. She has symmetrical hyporeflexia in the lower extremities without Penske. Substantial permanency is present and is analyzed with reference to the DRE method of the sixth edition guides. The and further referenced with the upper extremity manifestations of a cervical myelopathy and myoclonus. Subcutaneous tissues were closed using 3-0 Vicryl skin was closed using running 4-0 Monocryl subcuticular stitch reinforced with Benzoin and Steri-Strips attention was then turned towards her forearm lipoma on the right

Patient states that she has been up and down since her last treatment on Monday. She states that her upper back is in discomfort today due to doing a lot of cleaning earlier in the day (mopping, dishwasher, ect). She states that she felt better after her last treatment on Monday. Patient is slightly improved today and her symptoms are a flare-up due to excess cleaning this morning. Multiple cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine subluxations are noted on motion and static palpation. Moderate muscle hypertonicity and point tenderness is noted in bilateral rhomboids extending into bilateral thoracic paraspinals. Chiropractic adjustments applied to the cervical (sitting) thoracic (manual) and lumbosacral region (Act) (98941). To decrease pain/spasm and promote healing, Microcurrent (97014) was performed to the following areas: bilateral gluteus medius. Hot packs were applied to upper and lower back. Trigger point therapy performed to bilateral rhomboids. Graston and Kinesio Taping done to bilateral levators and bilateral rhomboids.
Patient tolerated treatment well today. Patient was instructed to return for care in two weeks. 
Patient presents today stating that she just finished teaching a Kindergarten class, so even though she feels "okay" now she expects to be sore soon. She states that her lower back has been feeling much better but her right upper back has been painful this week. Patient continues to show a lot of improvement in her low back pain. Patient is acute today due to teaching a Kindergarten class today, which usually aggravates her symptoms. Multiple cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine subluxations are noted on motion and static palpation. Severe muscle hypertonicity and point tenderness is noted in bilateral rhomboids extending into bilateral thoracic paraspinals as well as in bilateral levator scapulae. Chiropractic adjustments applied to the cervical (sitting) thoracic (manual) and lumbosacral region (Act) (98941). To decrease pain/spasm and promote healing, EMS (97014) was performed to the following areas: right rhomboid. Hot packs were applied to upper and lower back. Trigger point therapy and Graston performed to bilateral rhomboids. Kinesio Taping done to bilateral rhomboids. Pain when they do the Graston procedure.
A standard inguinal incision was made and dissection was carried down to the external oblique aponeurosis using a combination of Metzenbaum scissors and Bovie electrocautery.
